FIREARMS-287: Upgrade Node and HOF to version 24 (#609)
UKHomeOffice/firearms: README.md

### Prerequisities

> - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Version 24.18.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - for supported versions see `engines.node` in [package.json](package.json)
```
